Welcome everyone.
In this section,
we're gonna go over acronyms that we'll
generally use throughout the course.
You guys can just pause
the video whenever,
if you wanna read what each acronym means.
>> And with that, we're gonna get started.
The first acronym we have is IoT,
it's a very important one,
it stands for Internet of Things.
It's basically the new
age of communication.
>> We're gonna be touching upon this term,
throughout the course.
The second thing we have is OS.
OS stands for Operating System,
it's basically what runs your computer.
We're gonna be touching upon
this a lot on module four.
>> The next two we have, we go over
them in module three, IDE and SDK.
IDE is
the Integrated Development Environment.
>> And
the SDK is a Software Development Kit.
>> Yeah, and the next thing we
have is a Native Development Kit,
it's a little different from
the software development kit, and
we'll be going over this in module seven.
>> Next we have the AVD,
which is the Android Virtual Device.
We're gonna go over this in module three.
>> ADB is also covered in module three,
which is the Android Debug Bridge.
>> Yes.
The last two we have are APK and API.
APK is Android Application Package.
It's basically what you will
download to run your applications.
The next thing we have there, is API,
which is Application Programming
interface, and you'll be using that
a lot in module nine, as well.
So you guys can pause the video here,
at any time.
Make sure you guys are familiar
with all these acronyms.
And we'll see on the next video,
when we go over frequent terms.